add C# language support documentation (#156)
bytecodealliance/component-docs: component-model/src/language-support/csharp.md

> ## C# Tooling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# C# Tooling
```

}
```

In the .csproj project file, add a new `<ItemGroup>`:

```xml
<ItemGroup>
    <Wit Update="add.wit" World="example" />
</ItemGroup>
```

If you try to build the project with `dotnet build`, you'll get an error like "The name
'ExampleWorldImpl' does not exist in the current context". This is because you've said you'll
provide an implementation, but haven't yet done so. To fix this, add the following code to your
project:

```csharp
namespace ExampleWorld;

public class ExampleWorldImpl : IOperations
{
    public static int Add(int x, int y)
    {
        return x + y;
    }
}
```

If we build it:

```sh
dotnet build
```

The component will be available at `bin/Debug/net9.0/wasi-wasm/native/adder.wasm`.

## Building a component that exports an interface

The previous example uses a WIT file that exports a function. However, to use your component from
another component, it must export an interface. That being said, you rarely find WIT that does not
contain an interface. (Most WITs you'll see in the wild do use interfaces; we've been simplifying by
exporting a function.) Let's expand our `example` world to export an interface rather than directly

> export the function.

Reviewer: Maybe also describe what the `hostapp` world is for too since it is new to the reader, as well.
```suggestion
export the function. We are also adding the `hostapp` world to our WIT file which we will implement in [the next section](#Building-a-component-that-imports-an-interface) to demonstrate how to build a component that *imports* an interface.
```

```wit
// add-interface.wit
package example:component;

interface add {
    add: func(x: u32, y: u32) -> u32;
}

world example {
    export add;
}

world hostapp {
    import add;
}
```

If you peek at the bindings, you'll notice that we now implement a class for the `add` interface
rather than for the `example` world. This is a consistent pattern. As you export more interfaces
from your world, you implement more classes. Our add example gets the slight update of:

```csharp
namespace ExampleWorld.wit.exports.example.component;

public class AddImpl : IAdd
{
    public static int Add(int x, int y)
    {
        return x + y;
    }
}
```

Once again, compile an application to a Wasm component using `dotnet build`:

```sh
$ dotnet build
Restore complete (0.4s)
You are using a preview version of .NET. See: https://aka.ms/dotnet-support-policy
  adder succeeded (1.1s) → bin/Debug/net9.0/wasi-wasm/adder.dll

Build succeeded in 2.5s
```

The component will be available at `bin/Debug/net9.0/wasi-wasm/native/adder.wasm`.

## Building a component that imports an interface

> So far, we've been dealing with class libraries. Now we will be taking the adder component and executing it from an executable WebAssembly component.

Reviewer: I like your simple description of what this component does, but i wonder if we need to update it to be more explicit
```suggestion
So far, we've been dealing with library components. Now we will be creating a command component that implements the `hostapp` world. As this component imports the add interface that is exporting in our `adder` component, we will later compose this command component with the `adder` library component we just built.
```

> `dotnet new console` creates a new project that creates an executable.

Reviewer: I am not a dotnet expert. Is `dotnet new console` specific to `componentize-dotnet`? Looks like it may be a template? Could you expand on this a little? Maybe 
```suggestion
The `componentize-dotnet` project provides a dotnet template to simplify creating a command component, which is a component that exports `wasi:cli/run`. The is the export that Wasm CLI runtimes such Wasmtime expect in order to execute a component. To scaffold a command component, run `dotnet new console`
```

Author: No. `dotnet new console` is a standard command. It's the first command most .NET documentation teaches you about. e.g. https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tutorials/with-visual-studio-code?pivots=dotnet-8-0

<configuration>
 <packageSources>
    <!--To inherit the global NuGet package sources remove the <clear/> line below -->
    <clear />
    <add key="dotnet-experimental" value="https://pkgs.dev.azure.com/dnceng/public/_packaging/dotnet-experimental/nuget/v3/index.json" />
    <add key="nuget" value="https://api.nuget.org/v3/index.json" />
 </packageSources>
</configuration>
```

Now back in the console we’ll add the `BytecodeAlliance.Componentize.DotNet.Wasm.SDK` package:

```sh
dotnet add package BytecodeAlliance.Componentize.DotNet.Wasm.SDK --prerelease
```

In the .csproj project file, add the following to the `<PropertyGroup>`:

```xml
<RuntimeIdentifier>wasi-wasm</RuntimeIdentifier>
<UseAppHost>false</UseAppHost>
<PublishTrimmed>true</PublishTrimmed>
<InvariantGlobalization>true</InvariantGlobalization>
<SelfContained>true</SelfContained>
```

Copy the same WIT file as before into your project:

```wit
// add-interface.wit
package example:component;

interface add {
    add: func(x: u32, y: u32) -> u32;
}

world example {
    export add;
}

world hostapp {
    import add;
}
```

Add it to your .csproj project file as a new `ItemGroup`:

```xml
<ItemGroup>

>     <Wit Update="add.wit" World="hostapp" />

Reviewer: Update to make consistent with the wit file name doc comment above (could also update the comment)
```suggestion
    <Wit Update="add-interface.wit" World="hostapp" />
```

Author: updated the comment

</ItemGroup>
```

Notice how the `World` changed from `example` to `hostapp`. The previous examples focused on
implementing the class library for this WIT file - the `export` functions. Now we'll be focusing on
the executable side of the application - the `hostapp` world.

> Modify Program.cs to look like this:

Reviewer: Nit: add `` around file names in doc please
```suggestion
Modify `Program.cs` to look like this:
```

```csharp

> using HostappWorld.wit.imports.example.component;

Reviewer: Would be great to explain what this import is pulling in for us, whech in a doc comment or before the snippet.
```suggestion
// Pull in all imports of the `hostapp` world, namely the `add` interface.
using HostappWorld.wit.imports.example.component;
```

Author: added a comment

var left = 1;
var right = 2;

> var result = AddInterop.Add(left, right);

Reviewer: Why is this called `AddInterop`? Is the convention `<InterfaceName>Interop`?

Reviewer 2: This is what wit-bindgen generates right now and there isn't any documentation 😬

Console.WriteLine($"{left} + {right} = {result}");
```

> Once again, compile your executable with `dotnet build`:

Reviewer: Can we say component instead of executable?
```suggestion
Once again, compile your component with `dotnet build`:
```

```sh
$ dotnet build
Restore complete (0.4s)
You are using a preview version of .NET. See: https://aka.ms/dotnet-support-policy
  hello-wasm succeeded (1.1s) → bin/Debug/net9.0/wasi-wasm/hello-wasm.dll

Build succeeded in 2.5s
```

At this point, you'll have two Webassembly components:

1. A component that implements the `example` world

> 2. A component that calls `add` from within the `hostapp` world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. A component that implements the `hostapp` world
```

> Since the `hello-wasm` component is no longer a self-contained application, it needs to be composed the first component that implements the `add` function. You can compose your `hello-wasm` component with your `adder` component by running [`wac plug`](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/wac):

Reviewer: Can we rename the `hello-wasm` component after creating the template to `host-app`? Its a little confusing the have a component that does not look like a "Hello, World" app to have that name.

```sh

> wasm-tools compose bin/Debug/net9.0/wasi-wasm/native/hello-wasm.wasm -d ../adder/bin/Debug/net9.0/wasi-wasm/native/adder.wasm -o main.wasm

Author: Please note:

```
><> wasm-tools compose bin/Debug/net9.0/wasi-wasm/native/hello-wasm.wasm -d ../adder/bin/Debug/net9.0/wasi-wasm/native/adder.wasm -o main.wasm
WARNING: `wasm-tools compose` has been deprecated.
```
